Issues/11 (#48)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/parser.mdx

## Option values

The result of argument parsing is an object that contains the option values corresponding to the

> option definitions given in the parser constructor. There are four different ways to obtain the

Author: ```suggestion
option definitions given in the parser constructor. There are different ways to obtain these
```

  structured.
</Callout>

This method returns a promise that can be awaited in order to resolve
[async callbacks](#executing-callbacks).

### Getting warnings

> This is the most flexible method and is similar to the above one, except that it returns a

Author: What is the method name?

`ParseResult` object with the following properties:

> - `promises` - a list of promises that resolve the [async callbacks](#executing-callbacks)

Author: ```suggestion
- `promises` - a list of promises to resolve the [async callbacks](#executing-callbacks)
```

- `warnings` - a list of [warning messages](styles.mdx#warning-message) generated by the parser

> Both can be ignored if empty.

Author: ```suggestion
Both of these properties can be ignored if empty.
```

### Avoiding `try`/`catch`

> This is a convenience method that accepts the same parameters as the previous one, except that it

Author: What is the method name?

catches any error or [message](styles.mdx#terminal-messages) thrown by the parser and returns it

> instead. In the successful case, it compiles a single message from the list of warnings generated by

Author: ```suggestion
instead. In the successful case, it compiles a single message from the list of warnings produced by
```

the parser and returns it.

There's just one caveat: it is an asynchronous method, so you should await its result in order to
use it. This is because errors may be thrown by [async callbacks](#executing-callbacks), and in

> order to catch those, it must do so asynchronously.

Author: ```suggestion
order to catch those, it must be done asynchronously.
```
